Section one of the $30000 B. quest and other stories this is a librivox recording Oliver box recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer please visit librivox.or. The $30000 B. quest and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one the $30000 B. quest part one. Chapter one. Lakeside was a pleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants into rather pretty one too as far as towns go in the far west it had church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and the south where everybody is religious and where each of the Protestant sects is represented in has a plant of its own. Rank was unknown in lakeside on can fast anyway everybody knew everybody and his dog and a sociable friendliness was the prevailing atmosphere. Salad and foster was a bookkeeper in the principal store and the only high salaried man of his profession in lakeside he was 35 years old now he had served that store for 14 years he had begun in his marriage week at $400 a year and had climbed steadily up $100 a year for 4 years from that time forth his wage had remained 800 a handsome figure indeed and everybody conceded that he was worth it. His wife Elektra was a capable help meet although like himself a dreamer of dreams and a private Gabler in romance. The first thing she did after her marriage child as she was aged only 19 was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of the town and pay down the cash for it $25 all her fortune. Salatin had blessed by 15. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it farm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it pay her 100 percent a year out of Saladin's first years wage she put $30 in the savings bank 60 out of his sack and 100 out of his third 150 out of his 4. His wage went to 800 a year then and meantime 2 children had arrived in increased the expenses but she banks 200 a year from the salary never the less sense for. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished are pretty and comfortable $2000 house in the midst of her garden Eaker he'd half of the money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt and had several $0 out earning a living. Earning it by the rise in landed a state where she had long ago bought another acre or 2 and sold the most of it at a profit to pleasant people who were willing to build and would be good neighbors and furnish a general comradeship for her and her growing family. She had an independent income from safe investments of about $100 a year. Her children were growing in years and grace and she was a pleased and happy woman happy in her husband happy in her children and the husband and the children were happy in her it is at this point that this history begins. The youngest girl Clytemnestra called Clady for short was 11. Her sister Gwendolyn called when for short was 13 nice girls and calmly. The name's betray the lateness romance tinge in the parental blood the parents. Name indicate that the change was an inheritance. It was an affectionate family has all 4 of its members had pet names Saladin's was a curious and on sexing one Sally and so was a lecture us Alec. All day long Sally was a good and diligent book keeper and salesmen all day long Alec was a good and faithful mother and housewife and thoughtful in calculating business woman. But in the cozy living room at night they put the plotting world away and lived in another and a fairer reading romances to each other dreaming dreams com reading with kings and princes and stately lords and ladies in the flash and stir and splendor of noble palaces and grim and ancient castles. Chapter 2. Now can great news stunning news joyous news in fact it came from a neighboring state where the families only surviving relatives lives it was Sally's relative a sort of big an indefinite uncle or second or third cousin by the name of Tilbury foster 70 and a bachelor reputed well off and corresponding sour and crusty. Sally had tried to make up.