Section 31 of the $30000 B. quest and other stories. This is only provocatively courting. All labor fox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer. Please visit labor vox.org. Recording by Richard Kilmer. The $30000 B. quest and other stories by Mark Twain section 31. Extracts from Adam's diary. Monday. This new creature with a long hair is a good deal in the way. It is always hanging around and following me about. I don't like this I am not used to company. I wish it would stay with the other animals. Cloudy today wind in the east. Think we shall have rain. We where did I get that word. The new creature uses it. Tuesday. Been examining the great waterfall. It is the finest thing on the estate I think. The new creature calls at Niagara Falls why. I am sure I do not know. Says it looks like Niagara Falls that is not a reason. It is mere way were miss and imbecility. I get no chance to name anything myself. The new creature names everything that comes along before I can get in a protest. And always the same pre Texas offered. It looks like the thing. There is a dodo for instance. Says the moment one looks at it one sees at a glance that it looks like the dodo. It will have to keep that name no doubt. It worries me to fret about it and it does not good anyway. Don't know. It looks no more like a dodo than I do. Wednesday. Built me a shelter against the rain. But could not have it to myself in peace. The new creature intruded. When I tried to put it out it shed water out of the holes it looks with. And wiped it away with the back of its paws. And made a noise such as some of the animals make when they are in distress. I wish you would not talk it is always talking. That sounds like a cheap plane that the poor creature a slur. But I do not mean it to be so. I have never heard the human voice before and any new and strange sound intruding itself here upon the solemn hush of the streaming solitudes offends my ear and seems a false note. And this does sound is so close to me it is right at my shoulder right at my ear. First on one side and then on the other hand I am used only to the sounds that are more or less distant from me. Friday. The naming those recklessly on in spite of anything I can do. I had a very good name for this state and it was musical and pretty. Garden of Eden. Privately. I continue to call it that but not any longer publicly. The new creature says it is all woods and rocks and scenery and therefore has no resemblance to a garden. Says it looks like a park. And does not look like anything but a park. Consequently without consulting me it has been new names Niagara Falls park. This is sufficiently high handed it seems to me and already there's a sign up. Keep off the grass. My life is not as happy as it was. Saturday. The new creature eats too much fruit. We are going to run short most likely. We again that is its word mine too now from here in it so much. Good deal of fog this morning. I do not go out in the fog myself. This new creature does it goes out in all weathers and stomps right in with its muddy feet. And talks it used to be so pleasant and quiet here. Sunday. Pulled through. This day is getting to be more and more trying it was selected and set apart last November. As a day of rest. I had already 6 of them per week before. This morning found a new creature trying to claw apples out of that forbidden tree. Monday. The new creature says its name is eve. That is all right I have no objections. Says it is to call it by one I wanted to come. I said it was superfluous them. The word evidently race man it's respect and indeed it is a large good word and will bear repetition. It says it is not in it. It is a she. This is probably doubtful.