Section 2 of the history of the 4 Georges in 4 volumes volume one by Justin McCarthy. This librivox recording is in the public domain. Chapter 2. Parties and leaders. All the closing months of queen Anne's rain were occupied by week's end Tories indeed by an herself as well indie invention and conduct of intrigued about the succession. The queen herself with the grave opening before her kept her feeding eyes turned not to the world she was about to enter but to the world she was about to leave. She was thinking much more about the future of her throne than about her own soul and future state. The weeks were quite ready to maintain the Hanoverian succession by force. They did not expect to be able to carry matters easily and they were ready to encounter a civil war. Their belief seems to have been that day and not their opponents would have to strike the blow. And they had already summoned the Duke of Marlborough from his retirement in Flanders to take the lead in their movement. Having Marlboro they knew that they would have the army. On the other hand if falling broken the Tories really had any actual hope of a restoration of the stewards it is certain. That up to the last moment they had made no substantial preparations to accomplish their object. 2 weeks and Tories divided between them whatever political force there was in English society at this time. Outside both parties lay a considerable section of people who did not distinctly belong to the one faction or the other but we're ready to inclined now to this and now to that according as the conditions of the hour might inspire them. Outside these again and far out number in these and all others combined was the great mass of the English people hard working much suffering poor patient and almost absolutely indifferent to changes in government and the humor sense struggles of parties quote these wrangling jars of we can Torry says dean swift are still an old as Troy town story and quote. But if the principles were old the titles of the parties were new. Steel and 1710 published in the Tatler a letter from past Quinn of Rome to Isaac Bickerstaff. Asking for quote an account of those 2 religious orders whichever lately sprung up amongst you the Whigs and the Tories and quote. Still declared that you could not calm even among women quote but you find them divided into we can Torreon quote. It was like the famous lawsuit in Abdera alluded to by Lucien an amplified by the land concerning the ownership of the **** shadow. On which all the Arab derides took sides and everyone was either eye shadow or an ****. Yes explanations have been given of these titles Whig and Tory. Titus Oates applied the term Tory which then signified in Irish robber to those who would not believe in his popish plot and the name gradually became extended to all who were supposed to have sympathy with the Catholic Duke of York. The word wig first arose during the Cameronian rising when it was applied to the Scotch Presbyterians and is derived by some from the way which they habitually drank. And by others from a word we gone. Used by the western Scottish drovers. The weeks and the Tories represent in the main not only to political doctrines but 2 different feelings in the human mind. The natural tendency of some men is to regard political liberty as of more importance than political authority. And of other men to think that the maintenance of authority is the first object to be secured. And that only so much of individual liberty is to be conceded as will not interfere with authority strictest exercise. Roughly speaking there for the Tories were fourth already and the weeks for liberty. The Tories naturally held to the principle of the monarchy and of the state church the Whigs were inclined for the supremacy of parliament and for something like an approach to religious equality. Up to this time at least the Tory party still accepted the theory of the divine origin of the kings supremacy. 2 weeks or even then the advocates of a constitutional system. And held that the people at large are.