Section one of the $30000 request and other story celebre box reporting Ultravox recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer these visits librivox.born. The $30000 west and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one the $30000 request art one. Chapter one. Which side was a pleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants enter rather pretty fun too as far as Tom's goal in the far west at church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and the south where everybody is religion and where each of the Protestant sects it's represented and has a plant of its own rank with unknown in lakeside on can fast anyway. Everybody knew everybody and his dog and a sociable friendliness with the prevailing atmosphere. Valid and foster was a bookkeeper in the principles dark and the only I shall reach manifest fashion in lakeside. It was 35 years old now he had served that store for 14 years he had begun in his marriage be at $400 a year and headlines settle the up $0 a year for 4 years. From that time forth its wage had remained 800 I can't figure indeed and everybody conceded that he was working. It's quite public drop with a capable of helping me out like himself a dreamer of dreams and a private dapper in romance the first thing she did after her marriage child that she was aged only 19 was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of the town and pay down the cash for it $25 all her fortune. Salad and had less by 15. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it heater under percent a year. Out of Saladin's first years weight she put $30 in the savings bank 60 out of second 0 out of third 50 out it is far. It's wage went to 800 a year then and mean time 2 children had arrived in increased the expensive but she banks to undertake your partner salary never the less and spark. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished ready and off the court $0 house in the midst of her garden Eaker half of the money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt and had several $0 out earning a living. Earning it by their rights and landed a state where she had long ago bought another 8 there are 2 and sold the most of it at a profit pleasant people were willing to bill and would be good neighbors and furnish a general comradeship Parker and her growing family. She had an independent income from state investments of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and rate and she was a pleased and happy vomit Abby and her husband happy in her children and a husband and the children were happy in her. It is at this point that this history began. The youngest brought item that's dropped out ID for short what's 11 her sister Wonderland out went for short 13. Nice girls and calmly the names betrayed the latent romance tinged in the rental live the parents names indicate that change was an inheritance. It was an affectionate family had all 4 of its members at that teens Saladin's with a curious on sex seems lines Sally. And so was electrons Alex. All day long Sally it was a good intelligent book keeper an element all day long Alec was a good and faithful mother and housewife and thoughtful in calculating business comment. And the living room at night. Harding world away and live in another and a mirror reading romances to each other dreaming dreams I'm reading with kings and princes and stately Barton lady in the flash and stir and splendor of noble palaces and remain ancient castle. Chapter 2. Now can create new stunning news joyous news and backed. From a neighboring state where the families only surviving relatives. It was Sally's relative a sort of bacon indefinite awful or second or third us and by the name of delivery foster 70 and a bachelor reputed well opt in corresponding sour and frosty. Sally had tried to make up.