Section $100000 other story. Philip revives reporting Ultravox recordings are in the public domain. Permission to volunteer as it provides not. $30000 and other stories I marked. Section one of the $30000 west RD one. Chapter one. Lakeside pleasant town of 5000 inhabitants and a rather pretty ones as far as Tom's goal in the far west at church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and south where everybody is religion where each of the Protestant sacks is represented has a plant of its own ranks unknown in lakeside on that anyway everybody knew everybody and his dog. The friendly family atmosphere. Valid in foster was in the store and the only high salaried man at this link. 35 years old now he had served in that store for 14 years he had gone in a week at $400 a year and headlines. $10 a year. From that time forth his weight had remained under it take your energy and everybody. I. Right now. Private dancer in the romance. The first thing she did after her marriage child that she was only 19. I an acre of ground on the edge of town 8 out cash for $25 origin. Salad and had left by teens. She instituted a vegetable garden got it parmesan chairs by the nearest neighbor and made it 100 percent here. Saladin's first here's wait $30 in the dating thing 16 out. 100 out of. 150 out at his farm. We went to 100 years. Meantime children had arrived. 200. Now the reason that the lesson plans for. When she had been married for 7 years she built and burnished pretty. $0 house in the midst of. Have the money down gambling in. 7 years later she was out of debt had several $0. I think. Earning at by the rise and landed in the state Percy had logical bottom under a. That's all I've been pleasant people willing to build it would be good neighbors British in general comradeship. Family. She had an independent income from state investment of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and rain and she was at least half an hour after she and her husband happy in her children and the husband and the children were happy in her. This point history began. The youngest girl item that's dropped out ID short Levin her sister went to land called when personal 13 nice girls and calmly the names romance gives in front of the line. Indicates. It was an affectionate family had all 4 of its members had had changed Saladin's. And I think alley. Lecture on Alec. All day long Sally intelligent bookkeeper in. All day long Alex. Mother and housewife thoughtful and calculated. But in the living room at night. What a world away and live in another and don't ever reading promises to. The main theme com reading things and. Our lady in the flash and stir and Alan and Graham an ancient castle. Chapter. Now came the great dining rooms joyous news impact. Came from a neighboring state families only surviving relatives. Now he is relative to sort of make an in depth. Second or third by the name of monster 70 and a bachelor. Well I up and corresponding sour and crusty. Sally had tried to make up.