Section $100000 requests and other stories this is a liver box reporting Ultravox recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer this is it librivox.for. The $30000 question and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one of the $30000 bequest aren't one. Chapter one lakeside pleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants enter rather pretty one too as far as towns go in the far west it had church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and the south where everybody is religion and where each of the Protestant sacks is represented and has a plant of its own Frank was unknown in lakeside on can fast anyway everybody knew everybody and his dog had a sociable friendliness the prevailing atmosphere. Valid in foster was a bookkeeper in the principal store and the only high salaried man of his confession in lakeside. Years old now he had served that store for 14 years he had the gun in his marriage week at $400 a year and headlined that'll be up to $0 here for 4 years from that time forth his wage had remained 800 I can't figure in deed and everybody conceded that he was worth. It's like a lecture us with a capable help. Like himself a dreamer of dreams and a private counselor in romance. The first thing she did after her marriage child that she was only 19 was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of the town and pay down the cash for it $25 all her fortune. Salad and had less by teens. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it 100 percent here out of Saladin's first hear strange check with $30 in the savings bank 60 out of that. Read out of 150 out of his farm. Wage went to 800 here then and meantime 2 children had arrived in increased expenses but she banks to undertake your salary never the less as far. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished pretty uncomfortable $2000 house in the midst of her garden anchor. The money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt and had several $0 out earning a living. Earning at by the rise and landed at state Percy had long ago bought another acre to insult the most of it at a profit pleasant people were willing to build and with a good neighbors and British in general comradeship worker and her growing family. She had an independent income from state investments of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and rain and she was upbeat and happy moment Abby and her husband happy in her children and the husband and the children were happy in her it is at this point that this history began. The youngest girl item that's dropped out ID for short was 11 for sister find a land called went for short 13 nice girls and calmly the names be traveling romance tension the friend told live the parents names indicate that the tension was an inheritance. It was an affectionate family had all 4 of its members had had teams Saladin's with a curious on taxing ones saling and so was collected around Alec. All day long Sally was a good intelligent book keeper in men all day long Alec which included a mother and housewife and thoughtful and calculating. But in the living room at night. World of way and live in another and unfair reading romance just dreaming dreams com reading with kings and princes and state arts and lady in the flash and stir and splendor of noble palaces and grim and ancient castles. Chapter 2. Now came a great news stunningly as joyous news and backed. Came from a neighboring state where the families only surviving relatives. And with Sally is relative a sort of make an indefinite or second or third us and by the name of the Tilbury monster 70 and a bachelor reputed well op and corresponding sour and prostate. Sally had tried to make up.