Section $1000 what other story. So look for box 40 although provides recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer to sit on the rocks.warns that $30000 west and other stories I marked. Section one that $30000 west RD one. Chapter one lakeside wasn't little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants into rather pretty one too as far as Tom's goal in the far west. At church commendations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and south where everybody is religion where each of the Protestants that is represented and has a plant of its own ranking with unknown at lakeside on that anyway. He knew everybody and his dog had a sociable friendly family atmosphere. Valid in foster was a bookkeeper in the store and the only I shall any man at this session lakeside either 35 years old now he had served at that store for 14 years he had the gun in his marriage week at $400 a year I instead of the. Dollars a year per year. From that time forth his wage had remained 800. You're indeed and everybody conceded but he does it work. I don't lecture us about how. 3 murder of dreams private dapper in an all male. The first thing she did after her marriage child that she was only 19 was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of town he down the cash for it $25 altered origin. Halogen had left by the team. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it. Or send it here. Saladin's first here's where she put $30 in the savings bank 60 out of that 100 out of 150 out of his heart. Went to 100 years. Meantime children had arrived in the. Under the salary cap with the last one. When she had been married for 7 years she built and burnished pretty. $0 house in the Mister. Have the money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt had several $0 out earning a living. Earning it by the rise and landed a state where she had long ago about another 8. And so the most of it had all happened pleasant people willing to build and we'd be good neighbors British in general comradeship worker and her growing family. She had an independent income from state investment of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and great and she was at least half an hour after she and her husband happy and our children and the husband and the children were happy and it is at this point history began. The youngest girl item that's dropped out fighting for short was 11 her sister Wonderland called went for short 13 nice girls and calmly the name between the late winter romance begins in the rental live. Indicate that. It was an affectionate family had all 4 of its members at 17 Saladin's with UNTAC things Sally and clover lecture on Alec. All day long Sally was it good intelligent book keeper in. All day long Alec on mother and housewife thoughtful and calculating. But in the living room at night. Body worlds away and live in another and unfair reading comments. Dreaming dreams I'm reading things and. Our lady in the flash and stir and wonder of noble Alan and Graham in ancient castle. Chapter. Now came the great dining rooms joyous news and back. She came from a neighboring state for the family only surviving relatives. With Sally's relative to sort of make an indefinite. Also by the name of delivery posture 70 and a bachelor reputed well opt in corresponding sour and frosty. Sally had tried to make up.