Section $1000 other story. From the provides reporting Ultravox recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer if that provides.warranty. $30000 flash and other stories by marketing machines. One of the $30000 big west aren't one. Chapter one lakeside pleasant town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants and a rather pretty ones as far as Tom's goal in the far west at church commendations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and south everybody is religion where each of the Protestant sects it's represented has a plant of its own ranks unknown at lakeside uncontested anyway everybody knew everybody and he died at a social friendliness family atmosphere. Valid and foster was a bookkeeper in the store and the only time I shall manifest that make life interesting 35 years old now he had served in that store for 14 years he had gone into the $400 a year and had I instead of the. Others here here. From that time warrant his wage and renamed 800. Date everybody conceded that he worked. It's not like drug capable. Himself. Private dancer and all ma'am. First thing she did after her marriage child that she was aged only 19 was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of town 8 out the cash for it $25 origin. Salad and had less by teens she instituted a vegetable garden got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it an 800 percent here. Saladin's first major she put $30 in savings bank 60 out. 100 out of 150 it's far. Yes wage went to 800 and mean time children had arrived in in the event. But she makes 200 a year salary nevertheless as far. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished pretty. $0 out in the Mister. And have the money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt had several $0 earning a living. Earning answer by their rights and landed at state she had lots to talk about another 8. And so the most of it affect us and people willing to build and make a good neighbors and British general comradeship partner and family. She had an independent in town state investments of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and rain and she was upbeat and happy. Abby and her husband's happy and her children and the husband and the children were happy camper and at this point history began. The youngest girl item that's dropped out IT short was Levin her sister Wonderland out when personal items 13 nice girls and calmly the natives betrayed romance tension friends on line. Indicate that. It was an affectionate family had all partners members at that age Saladin's on texting Sally thanks so much lecture on Alan. All day long Sally was it good intelligent book keeper and. All day long Alex mother in house might have thought this. But in the living room at night. World play and live in another and unfair meetings romance just 3 main themes and. Kings and princes and stayed in the park lady in the flash and stir and splendor Alan and Graham an ancient castle. Chapter. Now came the great dining rooms joyous news impact. Came from a neighboring state where the families only surviving relatives. It was now his relative to sort of make an indefinite or second or third US citizens by the name of monster 70 and a bachelor. Well up and poorest bonding sour and prostate. Sally had tried to make up.