Section one. Then dollar fee quests and other story this is a liver box reporting all the provides recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer please visit librivox.or. But $30000 request and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one the $30000 request art one. Chapter one. Exide was a pleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants into rather pretty one too as far as Tom's goal in the far west it had church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and the south where everybody is religion and where each of the Protestant sects is represented and has a plant of its own rank was unknown in lakeside on can fast anyway everybody knew everybody and his dog had a sociable friendliness with the prevailing atmosphere. Valid and foster was a bookkeeper in the principal store and the only high Schallert man of his profession in lakeside he was 35 years old now he had served that store for 14 years he had begun in his marriage week at $400 a year and headlines settle the up $0 a year for 4 years. That time for it his wage had remained 800 I have some figure indeed and everybody conceded that he was worth. It's quite a lecture up with a capable of helping me although like himself a dreamer of dreams and the private dapper in romance the first thing she did after her marriage child that she was aged only 19 was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of the town and pay down the cash for it $25 all her fortune. Halogen had blessed by 15. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it he her 100 percent a year. Of Saladin's first years wage she put $30 in the savings bank 60 out of that and 100 out of his third 150 out of his fart his wage went to 800 here then that means time to children had arrived in increased the expenses but she banks to undertake your permanent salary never the less and sport. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished pretty uncomfortable $2000 house in the midst of her garden Eaker half of the money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt and had several $0 out earning a living. Earning it by the rise in landed a state where she had long ago bought another 8 there are 2 and sold the most of it at a profit pleasant people were willing to build and would be good neighbors and British in general comradeship burned her and her growing family. She had an independent income from state investments of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and rate and she was a pleased and happy moment Abby and her husband happy in her children and the husband and the children were happy in her it is at this point that this history began. The youngest girl item that's dropped out ID for short was 11 her sister Wonderland called went for short was 13 nice girls and calmly the names betray the latent romance tinge in the French told live the parents names indicate that the change was an inheritance. It was an affectionate family had all 4 of its members had 13 Saladin's with a curious and on taxing lines Sally and so was a lecture on Alec. All day long Sally was a good intelligent book keeper and spent all day long Alec with a good and faithful mother and housewife and thoughtful and calculating business comment. And the living room at night. Audi world away and live in another and a fairer reading romances to each other dreaming dreams I'm reading with kings and princes and stately lords and ladies in the flash and stir and wonder of noble palaces and Freeman ancient castle. Chapter 2. How can a brief news stunning meals joyous news in fact he came from a neighboring state where the families only surviving relatives. It was Sally is relative a sort of bacon indefinite on phone or second or third cousin by the name of Tilbury foster 70 and a bachelor reputed well opt in corresponding sour in frosty. Sally had tried to make up.