Section one. Then dollar what other story. The Stiller provides. Already Ultravox recordings are in the public domain. For more information or to volunteer that that librivox.org. But $30000 flat and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one the $30000 request art one. Chapter one. Lakeside was a pleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants enter rather pretty fun to go when the fire west. It had church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and south where everybody is religion and where each of the product in fact it's represented that had the plants have been sold. Frank with unknown and lakeside on can fat anyway. Everybody knew everybody and he died at a sociable friendliness with the prevailing atmosphere. Valid and foster with the book keeper in the principal's dark and the only hi Valerie man of action and lakeside. 35 years old now he had Sir that store for 14 years he had got into the act $400 a year and headlines that'll be up $0 year or a year. From that time worth its weight had remained 800 yet take your indeed everybody conceded that he worked at. It's quite bold black dress with a capable of helping out of like himself a dreamer of dreams and a private Gabler involved ma'am. The first thing she did after her marriage child as she blood each only 19 but to buy an acre of ground on the edge of the town and ate out the cash for it $25 all her fortune. Salatin had led by 15. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it he said here out of Stella didn't first years weight she put $30 in the dating thing 60 out of that and 100 out of third 50 out of 54. Wait 2800 a year then that means time to children had arrived it increased the expense. But she banks 8 your partner salary never the less than 4. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished critique and. $0 out in the midst of her garden Eaker. The money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt had several $0 out earning a living. Earning at either pride and landed a date she had long ago bought another acre arcade and sold the most of it at a profit let the people willing to bill and would be a good neighbor information general comradeship Parker and her growing family. She had an independent income from state investment of about $100 a year. Her children were growing in years and great and she was upbeat and happy on it happy and her husband happy in her children