Section $130000 requests and other stories this is a live remarks reporting Ultravox recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer his visit librivox.born. But $30000 quest and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one the $30000 big west aren't one. Chapter one lakeside pleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants enter rather pretty one too as far as towns go in the far west at church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and the south where everybody is religion and where each of the Protestant sacks is represented and has a plant of its own rank with unknown in lakeside on can fast anyway everybody knew everybody and his dog and a sociable friendliness the prevailing atmosphere. Valid and foster was a bookkeeper in the principal store and the only I shall manifest fashion in lakeside investor 5 years old now he had served that store for 14 years he had begun in his marriage week at $400 a year and headlines totally up $200 a year for 4 years from that time forth his wage had remained 800 I can't figure indeed and everybody conceded that he was worth. It's why I called like drunk wasn't capable help please don't like himself a dreamer of dreams and a private dancer in romance. I think she did after her marriage child that she was aged only 19 was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of the town and pay down the cash for it $25 all her fortune. Salad and had less by 15. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it gave her 100 percent a year. Out of Saladin's first here's my age check with $30 in the savings bank 60 out of second 0 out of 150 out of his farm. It's wage went to 800 a year then that means time to have children had arrived in increased the expenditure but she banks to undertake your arm that salary never the less and sport. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished pretty comfortable $0 house in the midst of her garden anchor. The money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt and had several $0 out earning a living. Earning at either rise and landed a state where she had logical bought another 8 there are 2 and sold the most of it at a profit pleasant people weren't willing to build and with a good neighbors and British general comradeship Parker and her growing family. He had an independent income from state investments of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and rain and she was so pleased and happy moment Abby and her husband happy and her children and the husband and the children were happy in her it is at this point that this history began. The youngest girl item that's dropped out ID short was 11 her sister Wonderland out went for short 13 nice girls and calmly the names betrayed a latent romance tension the parental line the parents names indicate that 10 percent inheritance. It was an affectionate family had all 4 of its members had Kathleen's Saladin's was a curious thing on taxing lines Sally and so was a lecture on Alec. All day long Sally was a good intelligent book keeper and men all day long Alec was a good and faithful mother in house might have thought all in calculating business comment but in the living room at night. Leading world away and live in another and unfair reading romances to. Mainstream I'm reading with kings and princes and state need arts and ladies in the flash and stir and splendor of noble Alistair and ram and ancient castles. Chapter 2. Out came a great news stunning means joyous news and backed. From a neighboring state where the families only surviving relatives. It was Sally is relative a sort of big an indefinite phone or second or third us inside the name until very Oster 70 and a bachelor reputed well up and poorest bonding sour and prostate. Sally had tried to make up.