Section $130000 requests and other stories this is a liver box reporting Ultravox recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer please visit librivox.or. A $30000 question and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one of the $30000 bequest aren't one. Chapter one lakeside pleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants and a rather pretty one too as far as towns go in the far west it had church accommodations for 35000 which is the way of the far west and the south where everybody is religion and where each of the Protestant sacks is represented and has a plant of its own rank was unknown in lakeside on confessed anyway everybody knew everybody and his dog and a sociable friendliness the prevailing atmosphere. Valid and foster was a bookkeeper in the principal store and the only high salaried man of his profession in lakeside he was 35 years old now he had served at that store for 14 years he had the gun in his marriage week at $400 a year and headlines totally up to $0 a year for 4 years from that time forth his weight had remained 800 I have some figure indeed and everybody conceded that he was worth. It's like a lecture up with a capable help me. Like himself a dreamer of dreams and the private dancer in romance. The first thing she did after her marriage child that she was only 19 for was to buy an acre of ground on the edge of the town pay down the cash for it $25 all her fortune. Salad and had less by 15. She instituted a vegetable garden Eric got it armed on chairs by the nearest neighbor and made it 100 percent here out of Saladin's first years wait she put $30 in the savings bank 60 out of that. Read out of 150 out of his farm. Wage went to 800 here then and meantime 2 children had arrived in in the expenses but she banks to 0 here from the salary never the less as far. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished pretty uncomfortable $0 house in the midst of her garden anchor. The money down and moved her family in. 7 years later she was out of debt and had several $0 out earning a living. Earning at by the rise and landed at state Percy had long ago about another 8 there are 2 and sold the most of it at a profit pleasant people weren't willing to build and would be good neighbors and British in general comradeship burned her and her growing family. She had an independent income from state investments of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and rain and she was a pleased and happy moment Abby and her husband happy in her children and the husband and the children were happy in her it is at this point that this history began. The youngest girl item that's dropped out ID for short was 11. Sister find a land called went for short was 13 nice girls and calmly the names betrayed the latent romance begins in the French told live. Name indicate that with him was an inheritance. It was an affectionate family had all 4 of its members had had teams Saladin's with a curious thing on taxing lines Sally and so was a lecture on Alec. All day long Sally was it good intelligent book keeper and spent all day long Alec was a good and faithful mother and housewife and thoughtful and calculating business woman. And the living room at night. Harding world away and live in another and a fairer reading romances to each other dreaming dreams com reading with kings and princes and state name or that lady in the flash and stir and splendor of noble palaces and Graham and ancient castle. Chapter 2. How can a great news dining rooms joyous news impact came from a neighboring state where the families only surviving relatives. It was Sally is relative a sort of make an indefinite phone or second or third cousin by the name of Tilbury monster 70 and a bachelor reputed well up and corresponding sour and crusty. Sally had tried to make up.