Section $1000 request other story this is a live revives recording Oliver box recordings are in the public domain. Or to volunteer please visit librivox.. The $30000 and other stories by Mark Twain. Section one that $30000 request one. Chapter one lakeside was unpleasant little town of 5 or 6000 inhabitants into rather pretty one too as far as Tom's goal in the far west at church accommodations for 39000 which is the way of the far west in the south where everybody is religion where each of the Protestants that is represented and has a plant of its own ring was unknown in lakeside. Anyway everybody knew everybody and his dog and a sociable friendliness the prevailing atmosphere. Now live in foster was a bookkeeper and the principal store and the only high salaried man of his mansion in lakeside. 35 years old now he has served in that store for 14 years he had the gun in his week at $400 a year and headlines totally. Dollars year or years. And that time for it this wage had remained 800 handsome figure indeed and everybody conceded that he was worth. His wife collector up with a capable help. The dreamer of dreams private dancer in romance. The first thing she did after her marriage child that she was only 19 was defiant acre of ground on the edge of the town pay down the cash for it $25 origin. Paladin had less by teens. She instituted a vegetable garden there got it arm down shares by the nearest neighbor and made it 100 percent year. Saladin's first years wages with $30 in the seating thing 60 out of. 100 out of 150 out it is far. Wait 2800 years and mean time children had arrived in the. But she makes 200. Now the rain never the less that's for. When she had been married 7 years she built and burnished. $0 house in the midst of her garden anchor. The money down. In. 7 years later she was out of debt and had several $0 out earning a living. Earning it by the rise and landed in the state where she had long ago by another 8. And sold the most of it at a profit pleasant people willing to build and would be good neighbors information general comradeship worker and her growing family. She had an independent income from state investment of about $100 a year. Children were growing in years and free and she was a pleased and happy. Happy in her husband's happy in her children and the husband and the children were happy in her it is at this point does this history begin. The youngest girl my demuestra called ID for short was 11. Sister Wendelin when for short was 13 nice girls and calmly the names between the late romance tunes in the parental live. Name indicate that this hand was in here it is. It was an affectionate family has all 4 of its members had had seen Saladin's on taxing lines Sally and so was a lecture on Alec. All day long Sally was a good intelligent book keeper in an all day long Alec was a good and faithful mother and housewife and thoughtful and calculating business woman but in the living room at night but the plotting world away and live in another end of fear reading romances. Dreaming dreams com reading things and. 8 or 10 ladies in the flash and stir in splendor of noble palaces and Freeman ancient castle. Chapter 2. Now came the great news stunning. News in fact. From a neighboring state where the families only surviving relative. It was Sally's relative a sort of being an indefinite or second or third houses by the name of monster 70 and a bachelor. Did well up and corresponding sour and crusty. Sally had tried to make up.