Section 30. Of the $30000 requests store. This is a brief remarks reporting. All the results reported. For more information. Please visit the response. Recording by Richard. The $30000 be class other stories by Mark Twain. Section 31. Extracts from Adam's. Money. This new creature with the long hair is a good deal of the way. It is always. I don't like this I am not used. I wish it would stay with the other animals. Today win the east think we somehow bring. We would I give up. The new preacher. In examining the great water. It is the finest thing on this. The new creature. I am sure. Says it looks like. That is the reason. It is near weightlessness and in the subway. I get a chance to name any so. A new creature names everything comes along before I can get in a protest. The same protections offered. It looks. There is a no no. One sees that it looks like. You have. Now. It worries me to fret about and it does no good. It looks more like once a. Men's shelter story. But could not have imagined myself. The new preacher. When I tried to put it now said water holes looks with. And what did away with its bones and made a noise such as some of the animals make when they are. I wish it is always talking. That sounds like a cheap way. Learn. But I do not need these so. I have never heard a voice. And any new and strange sound proving itself here on the song history makes all of this offense might hear and see. And this new sound so close. It is right at my shoulder right at my fear first on one side and then on the other hand I am used only to the samples that are more or less this. The naming those recklessly. Despite any. I have a very good name state was musical. The garden of Eden. I continue to call it that but not any longer. The new preacher says it is all woods scenery and therefore has no resemblance to a guard. Says it looks. And does not look like anything but a. Consequently not consult. It has a new name. All SPARC. This is sufficiently high. And already there is a sign of. Off the grants. My life is not as happy as Saturday. The new preacher it's too much for we are going to run short most likely. Which is it's. Mine too now from here so much. Could be on the phone this morning. I do not go out of the fog was so. This new creature does it goes out in all weathers and stuff it's muddy feet and politics is to be so pleasant. Sunday. All 3. This day is getting more and more trying it was selected set apart last November as a day of rest. I had already 6 of them for a week before this morning from a new creature trying to clone apples out of the tree. Monday. New furniture says its name is. That is all right I have no objections. Says it is fine wanna come. So it was superfluous. The word evidently race man. The it is a large good work and. It says it is not in it. It is a she. This is probably doubtful.